//Specification 
●	A landing page and at least three subpages linked via routing
●	Component-based project architecture
●	Fully responsive design
●	Global styling configuration
●	Shared state
●	Compliance with accessibility and GDPR guidelines
●	A form with input validation
●	Integration with an external API to fetch and display data, including:
○	At least one search filter, such as date range selection, search bar, category filters, or sorting
○	A list of public APIs can be found at - https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis

Must create: 
- wordpress theme - idea: Embedded SPA approach?
- Wordpress plugin - idea: A Custom REST API Endpoint Plugin?
- Social Integration - idea: "Share My Build" Feature?

//Marking Criteria 

40 Pts

Excellent (32-40)

Website fully meets and exceeds all specified requirements. All required features are implemented correctly, including routing, component-based architecture, responsive design, shared state, accessibility considerations, GDPR compliance, form validation, and API integration. Functionality is robust, polished, and largely free from defects. Demonstrates excellent technical competence and problem-solving.

40 Pts

Excellent (32-40)

Design is highly professional, visually engaging, and clearly tailored to the intended users. Consistent appearance and interaction design across all pages. Excellent use of layout, typography, colour, and visual hierarchy. Accessibility requirements are fully considered and effectively implemented. User experience is intuitive and polished.



20 Pts

Excellent (16-20)

Code is exceptionally well organised, structured, and documented. Naming conventions are clear and consistent throughout. File structure demonstrates a strong understanding of professional web development practices. Code is easy to understand, maintain, and extend.



● Technical skills [40%]

○ Does the website contain all of the required features, as given in the assessment?

○ Is the website fully functional, including responsiveness across devices?

○ Is the website reasonably bug-free and robust?

● Design [40%]

○ Do the website’s aesthetic choices reflect the choice of users, as given in the Project Presentation?

○ Is the website consistent in its appearance and functionality between pages?

○ Does the design conform to accessibility requirements?

● Code readability [20%]

○ Is your code accessible and readable?

○ Does your file structure demonstrate an understanding of the requirements of professional web development? 


//AI Rule Usage

Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI)
The assessment is designed so that the use of AI during the assessment is possible. You must acknowledge any use of AI and appropriately cite all AI generated outputs. Please make sure you read and understand the assessment guidelines and ask your lecturer if you have any questions.

2025 AI Student Guide

What AI Can and Can’t Do
●	AI can become a useful learning assistant and help you:
●	Summarise articles and concepts.
●	Brainstorm ideas.
●	Improve your writing (grammar, spelling, structure).
●	Find sources for initial searches (always verify them!).
●	Quiz you on your knowledge.
●	Help you develop a studying schedule.
●	Organise and summarise your notes.
●	Develop your critical thinking skills, through interactive dialogue.
●	Develop your inquiring skills.

AI should not be used to:
●	Create entire assessments for you. Always check the assessment guidance about what is permitted and what is not. AI should not simply do the work for you.
●	Take exams or quizzes on your behalf.
●	Generate ideas or arguments that you don’t understand (although AI can explain ideas and arguments to you).
●	Fake citations or research.

Stay Honest and Transparent
●	Acknowledge all use of AI, just as you would for other help; Cite AI generated content.
●	Don’t submit AI-generated work as your own—it’s considered academic misconduct.
●	Remember: AI can make mistakes! Always fact-check before using its output.
●	Remember: AI can be biased and reproduce inappropriate or excluding social stereotypes.
●	Make sure you read critically to verify the AI outputs. You are responsible for the outputs generated by AI tools.
●	You need to have a good understanding and knowledge of the subject to critically evaluate AI outputs and prompt further.

Use AI to Learn, Not as a Shortcut
●	AI is a tool, not a replacement for your own thinking. Use it to:
●	Get help structuring your thoughts.
●	Check your understanding of a topic.
●	Improve your writing, creative process or knowledge development while keeping your unique voice and using your own skills to test your knowledge.
●	Avoid relying on AI so much that you miss out on developing your skills and alienating yourself from your studies and education.
●	Early research studies on the effects of AI on people indicate that over-use and reliance on AI can alienate people from their own tasks and negatively impact the long-term learning of students and professional development of workers.

Learning about the subject of study well is paramount to check what AI is producing for accuracy and appropriateness and be able to prompt and interrogate it further, using your knowledge and critical skills.
